two men
a budget
quickest from zero to hundred in going
almost zero
from a typical glands if there is this
tripolis car week
edo and roland shop every week for one
different budget
this week's budget is 11,000 euros
and
him
welcome to consumer mouth tv
no, also good 11,000 euros
drive and it is sold I have one
daihatsu we sport seats x-trail like
shadows so worthy subaru
because there is not so much time together again
basically all together so I have
one is a subaru couple you have too
There is something like that in every Japanese neighborhood
mitsubishi outlander yes mother i thought
i go for we wise
today yes this had he is yes it too
you have to say about it
japanese hey yes it is japanese piece
reliability and family car I think or
an independent entrepreneur's car
yes we are not really all you
We took leeches it is so hot
no
yes you know on the other hand
11,000 euros you just have one thing that
probably advances for years
with your hunger about such an outlander
little to tell
no sir it's still quite a character
bake why well subaru we
boxer engine Serbian wants it that way
special
the permanent four-wheel drive
such a special this is really a brand
with an appearance and their own
I have my identity and 158 horsepower
let them tell
so then immediately something more than the
yours
jan de dan the mitsubishi forrester
outlander
You could say exactly that
own for years to go
drive with this body yes both the
mitsubishi if we find subaru
actually assume it isn't
just go wrong but which of these
you buy two with your head well me
would say you do the extra dees
Do you have a serious daddy plan?
goes here
I am already planning mix blocking sea
but mike u on bello
yes yes let's get a good one first
excludes peter than yes for some old ones
yes what is the wise one
without a doubt why
two- wheel drive four - wheel drive
it has a higher kilometer cost price
This is the most you can here it too
bring the fastest children to school
yes good question arrive i see what the
starting line
three 2p
a beautiful hard time there began
doing well 2 yes yes but even more horsepower
can well that is a known about van
is building and you know all that
four-wheel drive ensures
presumably the drive is already there
you have 158 hp and the box this too
pretty rough
yes you can say yes but what
benefit of a subaru
I of course have four-wheel drive
so if it would have snowed
or how should a mountain on one be
I had just driven that we were today
not wrong hey take it with you
out with it makes me feel good
w about want with you because i have like
usually not the fastest car either
like just i have the most economic
today's choice but if you are with you
heart should choose which of these
take two then yes I secretly find the
Subaru is really the coolest he looks
just cool out
yeah that's what have you got in there now
that is what is also important the eye
also wants what is very important with one
rock
just count with me has the two points
I you have a point so there
lots of fun
well that was another episode of piglet
boys hope you have fun
found it
next week there will be another one
different budget
next week in big boys car week and you
henk vineyard
back to the festival is just his junior
sorry madam the jaw then me